Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/in-person-payments/qr-code/integrations-front.en.md

## How to enter an amount?

> 1. Go to the QR Code section from your [Mercado Pago account](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/qr-code/amount).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the QR Code section from your [Mercado Pago account](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/qr-code/amount).
```

2. Select the store and cash register you want to operate from. 
3. Type order amount.

> 4. Ask your client to scan QR code from Mercado Libre or Mercado Pago apps. Your client will have to choose a payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Ask your client to scan the QR code from Mercado Libre or Mercado Pago apps. Your client will have to choose a payment method.
```
